# animalmaterials
The purpose of the animalmaterials modpack is to provide low-level mods that don't depend on anything so that multiple mods can integrate with the same meats. For example, cooking depends on animalmaterials and doesn't have to depend on any specific mobs mod. To further reduce duplication of items, you should change your mobs mod to depend on the animalmaterials mod or a mod like it. Then mods which are either advanced or simple don't have to depend on your mobs mod. Mobs mods may have many dependencies, so depending on one can cause problems. If you want to have a different lasso, just use minetest.override_item and depend on the lasso from the animalmaterials mod. That way you can avoid a potential circular dependency between this or some other lasso and your mobs mod (To avoid that type of problem, the dependency on mobs was removed from this fork though the AntumMT branch was used). You can start to see that having a low-level mod that defines craftitems (or even nodes in other cases) is better than having everything defined in your high-level mod such as mobs. If you define something as simple as raw chicken in your mobs mod, you will forever force people to depend on a complex high-level mod (mobs in this case) even if they simply want to create something as simple as a cooked chicken. This modpack and the ideas behind it are a way to make dependencies easier to understand and make mods and mod integration (cooperation between projects) easier to understand.

The Poikilos fork is a fork of AntumMT's fork of sapier's animalmaterials modpack.
